sentence	direct_object	indirect_object
I couldn't call myself his friend if I weren't willing to do the same.	his friend	myself
Just trying to save us all some paperwork.	all some paperwork	us
"Master, may I ask you a question?"	a question	you
And our regulars would like to wish a warm welcome...  ...to all you virgins!	a warm welcome	to all you virgins
Put it on the floor...  and slide it to me.	it	to me
I can prove it to you.	it	to you
What does he do to them?	What	to them
We could build ourselves a sugar nest	a sugar nest	ourselves
I don't wanna give her a complex.	a complex	her
They always give you that little look.	that little look	you
"Well, I'll show you what of it."	what of it	you
So she offered us the job and I just took it.	the job	us
So don't tell me that.	that	me
I've given my account to her.	my account	to her
Ramsley will show you to your rooms.	you	to your rooms
You Give me a copy.	a copy	me
You got yourself some stock there.	some stock	yourself
You taught me that.	that	me
You owe me 500 pushups apiece.	500 pushups	me
Why didn't you say good-bye to me at the pool?	good - bye	to me
"Come on, Steve, buy her the radio, it's on sale."	the radio	her
I taught him that!	that	him
I'm gonna send you photos and fingerprints on 'em.	photos and fingerprints	you
"And that was the point of the gun:  to tell William the incredible news  that his little electrical ""Ss"" have gone over a hill."	"the incredible news   that his little electrical "" Ss "" have gone over a hill"	William
He shows you his butterfly collection...  ...plus the killing jar.	his butterfly collection ...   ... plus the killing jar	you
I suggest you say something before you embarrass this poor man to death.	this poor man	to death
What you get is that we don't turn you in to the police	you	to the police
"Okay, show me a difference, people."	"a difference , people"	me
Andy will give you 2 movies and a painting	2 movies and a painting	you
"J.R., I wanted to give you my answer on the OLM."	my answer on the OLM	you
"Your Majesty, I bring you your brother's humble greetings...  ...and his hopes that you will enjoy the boar hunting here in Zenda."	your brother 's humble greetings	you
After he died...  ...the Oracle prophesied his return...  ...and that his coming would hail the destruction of the Matrix...  ...end the war...  ...bring freedom to our people.	freedom	to our people
"When they found Carbone in the meat truck, he was frozen so stiff...  ...it took them two days to thaw him out for the autopsy."	two days	them
Only the shooters wear them things.	things	them
Shall we give it one more time for the	one more time	it
"They owed me some cash,"	some cash	me
"No, I will not give you time off to go win the Open."	time	you
I said give her the $10.	the $ 10	her
They sang together and prayed together every Saturday night...  and that give 'em the strength to get through the week...  even though they didn't seem to be getting anywhere.	the strength to get through the week	'em
"Pazuzu, prince of the evil spirits of the air, take me to Kokumo."	me	to Kokumo
She gave me her phone number.	her phone number	me
Should I wear this shirt to the party?	this shirt	to the party
So...you asked me a question a couple of days ago.	a question	me
"Signed the dotted line, they sent me to my office."	me	to my office
Let me just buy you a beer.	a beer	you
We have a helicopter on its way to take you both to a safe location.	you	to a safe location
I told you that.	that	you
I told you that.	that	you
"No, I told you that."	that	you
Why would you tell me my own story?	my own story	me
I'd only tell you mine.	mine	you
You're giving me this car?	this car	me
I'll call you a cab.	a cab	you
This is Dr Crane signing off and wishing you good mental health.	good mental health	you
I'll send a warning to parents before more children see Terrance and Phillip.	a warning	to parents
"Right, 'cause I only have three sisters, and I've only known you my entire life, so..."	my entire life	you
As a token of gratitude the government gave me this tusk.	this tusk	me
I buy alI the drinks.	the drinks	alI
We're moving him to the hospital in	him	to the hospital
"Oh quick, show me the potty, Darling."	"the potty , Darling"	me
"Okay, don't tell your mom, but I got you guys some presents."	some presents	you guys
But he got me this.	this	me
"However, I don't need to remind you the pleasure of such an acquaintance."	the pleasure of such an acquaintance	you
Steve's dad just gave it to him for his birthday.	it	to him
Give us the women?	the women	us
"Well, always good to see you Cecil."	Cecil	you
"Of course, I didn't tell him anything."	anything	him
"Bike's running, he's telling you a story."	a story	you
"Well, Goldie, uh, let me ask you this"	this	you
Can you give me any idea what your report will be on those gloves?	any idea what your report will be on those gloves	me
"They were sending pounds of it back to the States, using military supply lines."	pounds of it	to the States
I handed you the Gotti detail in New York?	the Gotti detail in New York	you
Then give me the Rod!	the Rod	me
his three-point shot gives the Roadrunners their first lead of the game.	their first lead of the game	the Roadrunners
I'm just a humble peddler offering a cure to an ailing world.	a cure	to an ailing world
I only give pigs to early risers.	pigs	to early risers
My father gave it to me for my sixth birthday.	it	to me
Now get out there and give 'em a hand gettin' that firewood.	a hand gettin '	'em
I will give you a life for a life.	a life	you
"If I'd come to your room, you would've given me the dresses free."	the dresses	me
"Nina, I could tell you stories."	stories	you
I should fine you $25 for illegal equipment.	$25 	you
Just give me a minute to stretch.	a minute to stretch	me
Ronald gave me Kenneth's number  It's here  If you want to know ...	Kenneth 's number  	me
"And let me tell you this, General:  These impossible people...   are in an impossible place  doing totally impossible work."	this	you
"So, what are you and Shelby going to the dance as?"	what	to the dance
"Oh, I gave it away to some jerk"	it	to some jerk
I can't get you the car back...  even if I wanted to!	the car	you
So tell me his name!	his name	me
I should have given them the day off.	the day	them
I got them things out of here.	things	them
I shall see myself to my room.	myself	to my room
You always tell me that.	that	me
Are you gonna drive me to her house afterwards?	me	to her house
Should we send something over to the Sullivans?	something	to the Sullivans
And you gave him more consideration than you're giving J.D.	more than you 're giving J.D consideration	him
I threw you out of that house...  'cause I refused sexual advances from you to me?	sexual advances	to me
"Angie, he told me the Lagunas are on their way out,  and you might be able to introduce me to the people who are on their way in."	me	to the people who are on their way in
"Come on, give me a hand here, Sam."	a hand	me
"I'm paying you an arm and a leg, aren't I?"	an arm and a leg	you
Thank you for giving me the chance...  to meet the man who feeds the nation.	the chance	me
Don't pay attention to what those doctors tell you.	attention	to what those doctors tell you
"I mean, instead of keeping it to yourself all this time."	it	to yourself
"Seems he got drunk Friday night, decided to track down her mom and tried to drive a street-sweeper to Mexico."	a street - sweeper	to Mexico
He said he was going to get me a moon rock.	a moon rock	me
"Well, I don't know if this would interest you, actually...  but I was hoping you might accompany me to the Royal Dress Show on Friday."	me	to the Royal Dress Show
Gives a man something to hang on to in the rough country.	something to hang on to in the rough country	a man
"I have my orders,  which I have conveyed to your group leader."	which	to your group leader
I shall call you Mr. Ferguson.	Mr. Ferguson	you
I asked myself a few tough questions.	a few tough questions	myself
"Hey, I got you the best drink in town, but I didn't know...  ...if you liked a little dollop of whipped cream or a big one...  ...so I got both and you can have each one... Hello, big dollop!"	the best drink in town	you
"Dody, you must take me to London to see the Enchanted Bird again."	me	to London
Even a whisper caused me agony.	agony	me
But I gave you a precise time at which to page me.	a precise time at which to page me	you
Somebody give me an amen!	an amen	me
"We had a deal with you on the comics, remember  for likeness rights  and as we're not only the artistic basis,  but also, obviously, the character basis  for your intellectual property, ""Bluntman and Chronic"",  when said property was optioned by Miramax Films,  you were legally obliged to secure our permission  to transfer the concept to another medium."	the concept	to another medium
Saves us a lot of trouble!	a lot of trouble	us
It was something about tying a wallet to your underwear.	a wallet	to your underwear
"Bring me the woman, Niles."	"the woman , Niles"	me
"Hank, Dave, get the trim to the mounts up front."	the trim	to the mounts
Why can't you just tell me his name?	his name	me
I'm gonna make me some Phat Farms.	some Phat Farms	me
Hey...  maybe he left you his kidney.	his kidney	you
- Well they didn't leave me any choice!	any choice	me
Molly Vernon gave the light a son d esgracado.	a son d esgracado	the light
Tell me what it is.	what it is	me
"In Texas, it's customary to offer a man a drink...  when he's ridden 200 miles to see you."	a drink	a man
Did you give her a letter or a note?	a letter or a note	her
"Fear and panic gave me a boost up over that ledge...  and I began to run, not walk, to the nearest exit."	a boost	me
"You need a guy who will take it the same way,  who will give you a marriage with all the trimmings, home and kids."	a marriage	you
You buy yourself a bag and plug up your ears.	a bag	yourself
Can I get you some coffee?	some coffee	you
And forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us.	our trespasses	us
"To this end, they have relentlessly rescued them across the galaxy  from planet Cybertron to planet Earth and back again."	them	to planet Earth and back again
Someone told you to do this to me?	this	to me
"Yeah, and he paid me $1 00."	$ 1 00	me
Call to see if they can give us some help.	some help	us
They used one of my simulations to kidnap her  and they are trying to sell her to the man that murdered her son.	her	to the man that murdered her son
But I can tell you one thing.	one thing	you
I make her my daughter.	my daughter	her
I'll make a signal to M.	a signal	to M
She signed something to me from the window.	something	to me
"And he'll see all the other stuff we messed with,  and he'll always wonder,  ""What did they do to my viola?"""	What	to my viola
You gonna give anybody else a chance?	a chance	anybody else
"Alright, drop your weapons-  pass them to me."	them	to me
I need to know what you did to her.	what	to her
But she did you no favour when she left you this car.	no favour	you
I can transfer you to any stateside post you want.	you	to any stateside post you want
"I'm gonna have to ask you a couple of questions, okay?"	a couple of questions	you
Can I get you anything?	anything	you
Because I give you mine.	mine	you
"I-I really would like to put him, this,  all of this to rest."	"him , this ,   all of this"	to rest
"Yeah, well, you tell that to Freddie."	that	to Freddie
You should leave it to your eldest daughter.	it	to your eldest daughter
You and I are both here because somebody gave us a break.	a break	us
Give it to me.	it	to me
You don't want us to add assault to the other charges.	assault	to the other charges
"Give me a cigarette, will you, McManus?"	a cigarette	me
"You're here because when Mr. Milo sent your file over to me...  ...you jumped immediately to the top 1 0 of my ""most in need of guidance"" list."	your file	to me
"Or he'd tear you to pieces, with either his bare hands or his rhetoric?"	you	to pieces
You got Brandon a hooker?	a hooker	Brandon
"Well, you'll soon put a stop to that, won't you, Glovey?"	a stop	to that
"I see you paid alimony from 1 992 to 1 996, along with child support."	alimony	to 1 996
"Hey, Snakeskin, give me a hand."	a hand	me
"Pretty soon now, I'm gonna take myself a nice, hot-tub bath."	"a nice , hot - tub bath"	myself
Don't give him the brandy.	the brandy	him
"Now do me a favor, Captain Bligh."	a favor	me
Sending you back to the...  the clinic in Vermont was his idea.	you	to the
"And ladies,  how many of you would like the power to drive your man to distraction?"	your man	to distraction
"Patience   Little sister   Patience   Little brother   Teddy, get yourself back to the party."	yourself	to the party
"Look, i was gonna... What,  were you gonna send me a postcard from florida?"	a postcard from florida	me
I'll give it to you.	it	to you
"Let me tell you something, Fico."	"something , Fico"	you
He's gonna expect me to ask him really intelligent questions.	really intelligent questions	him
I'm gonna fix myself a Tom ColIins.	a Tom ColIins	myself
She made fun of everything from Edie's make-up...  ...to her taste in men.	fun of everything from Edie 's make - up ...	to her taste in men
Wish me luck.	luck	me
"Well, tell you the flat truth, it*s just a sort of a whatchacallit, a...  Composite?"	the flat truth	you
"When he gets off the train, he'll pick up some gold and send it to me."	it	to me
Give him something to share with me.	something to share with me	him
"Oh, but it's okay to hand him a nine millimeter?"	a nine millimeter	him
"Even otherwise, I'd give it to him"	it	to him
She took great exception to that...  ...and she took the clothes and all.	great exception	to that
He charged me $70 for these bags.	$70 	me
"Buy you a cocktail, Jacques?"	a cocktail Jacques	you
"Sum, I beg you, promise me two things"	two things	me
I actually sat in my apartment...  counting the hours to the time when I was not gonna show up to meet you.	the hours	to the time
"I know, but we're gonna get you someone just as good."	someone just as good	you
Don't I owe you a lap dance?	a lap dance	you
What did you do to yourself?.	What	to yourself
Tell me something real about yourself.	something real about yourself	me
"But the path of the mind, the path we're on,  ours is the path that has brought us these people:"	these people	us
"But even if you're not, you should understand  this may take me 2, maybe 3 days to sort this out."	2	me
"If you wanna help me out, introduce me to a girl."	me	to a girl
She wrote it a few days before she passed away...  ...and asked me to hold onto it...  ...and give it to you when you graduated from high school.	it	to you
Do me a favor.	a favor	me
"Shucks, man, I'd be nothing but a poisonous varmint...  and not fit to touch the hem of your pants...  if I didn't tell you you've treated me square, mighty square...  and I ain't forgetting."	"square , mighty square"	me
"About this case, don't tell any people,  or they won't give you condolence money."	condolence money	you
"But, Father, you gave me her name."	her name	me
I saved you a seat.	a seat	you
Give me back the Enterprise.	the Enterprise	me
And I'll tell you something.	something	you
"Wait,  will you believe me if I tell you something?"	something	you
Does this cheap parasite mean this much to you...  that you're willing to wreck everything to cover up for him?	this	to you
"Well, Nina gave me two tickets to the opera and I thought it might be fun if we went together."	two tickets to the opera	me
She bought me this shirt.	this shirt	me
Maybe she'll give us something to eat.	something to eat	us
"We could go in at night, shine a light in the rancher's eyes...  ...jump her and throw her in the boat...  ...wrap a rope around her head, and then take her to a new river system."	her	to a new river system
I'll give it to you.	it	to you
She's sending entertainment and information to millions of citizens.	entertainment and information	to millions of citizens
Tell him this.	this	him
What gives you the right to wear Richmond on your chests...  and act like punks?	the right to wear Richmond on your chests	you
You want to tell mami what it happened to him to Emilio	what	to him
"Doctor, could you give him something?"	something	him
You turn the management over to them and keep 50% of the stock.	the management	to them
I want you with me from the start to the end of the story.	you	to the end of the story
"If he won't deal, show him some leg."	some leg	him
I can get 70 miles to the gallon on this little hog.	70 miles	to the gallon
"To telI you the truth,"	the truth	you
"His schedule doesn't allow for personal interviews,  but I'll take you to our computer lounge...  and you can e-mail him directly."	you	to our computer lounge
And all our yesterdays have lighted  fools the way to dusty death.	the way	to dusty death
Pay them allyourmind.	allyourmind	them
T ell him the truth.	the truth	him
I now pronounce you man and wife.	man and wife	you
We've charged a summer's worth of drinks to him.	a summer 's worth of drinks	to him
I'll give you five minutes.	five minutes	you
Just giving you some brotherly advice.	some brotherly advice	you
"Give it to me straight, Doc."	it	to me
"All right, I say we push it out...  ...hope the current takes it to the next precinct."	it	to the next precinct
But you can call me anything you want if the price is right.	anything you want	me
"you're doing an awful thing,  putting a man to the test of his principles."	a man	to the test of his principles
Give me a hug before you go.	a hug	me
Give your granddad a hug.	a hug	your granddad
Get yourself a drink.	a drink	yourself
He claimed Veeder introduced him to her at the shelter	him	to her
Give me your hand.	your hand	me
"Gripping stuff...  the age of trees, how to give a plant a name,  the lesser-known diseases of grapevines...  and all this described by fellow botanists  quite seriously as ""classics in the field."""	"a name ,   the lesser - known diseases of grapevines"	a plant
"Well, that just gives us the chance for a family dinner."	the chance for a family dinner	us
You just told me everything I need to know.	everything I need to know	me
You don't have to tell me that.	that	me
They still give prosecutors guns?	guns	prosecutors
"Phil, I'll give a key to my neighbor."	a key	to my neighbor
"As for cattle, those miserable, slab-sided fleabags...  Pour yourself a drink."	a drink	yourself
"Grenade, give me your grenade!"	your grenade	me
Did you know that Alex says that he owes money to the Juarez cartel?	money	to the Juarez cartel
See you this evening	this evening	you
Let's give him to them.	him	to them